Please Shanxi
Ah, what?
Get up.
It was the Virgin White Spirit who married you
It was the saint who ordered me to come first to meet you
He'll be there soon.
He is the patron saint of the Great Guardian
What patron saint
This is nonsense.
Yes, the general must have been deceived by this man
Reminds him of the zen, yeah.
How dare you!
How dare you deceive the general
Dare to deceive
You've got a story to tell.
In the name of the general
Order you to kneel for me
Please calm down
Kneel to him, it's impossible
Although you are a general
But Chen Yangfeng is Qi
I answer directly to the Virgin
You are not qualified to work for him yet
That's right, if the Virgin Rider clears zero
I naturally don't dare to be martial
I am one of the Four Great Qi Kings
Son of Jiugong
Do you really think I'm afraid of you?
That's right, my son is the King of Qi
My daughter is a goddess
Our Chen family in the Northern Zhou Dynasty was ordered by the sky
The fate of my Li family is only in my own hands
What big move patron saint
This is nonsense.
You are hopeless
The number of lives of the nine clans has expired
abandon
Stop talking nonsense here
My Li Ruyun's life is in my own hands
I'm going to destroy this one today let me see
What curse can there be?